#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-dev.txt setup.py
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via jwcrypto
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via python-keycloak
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipytest==0.14.2
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipytest
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbqa
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.2
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via python-keycloak
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
mako==1.3.5
    # via pdoc3
markdown==3.6
    # via pdoc3
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mypy==1.0.1
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.6
    # via
    #   futureexpert (setup.py)
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nbqa==1.5.3
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.2.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   futureexpert (setup.py)
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipytest
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.2
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pdoc3==0.11.0
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   futureexpert (setup.py)
    #   ipytest
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-keycloak==3.12.0
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   futureexpert (setup.py)
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   python-keycloak
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via python-keycloak
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.4.1
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via nbqa
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mypy
    #   nbqa
    #   pytest
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-pkg-resources==0.1.3
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   futureexpert (setup.py)
types-requests==2.32.0.20240622
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
types-toml==0.10.8.20240310
    # via futureexpert (setup.py)
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   jwcrypto
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
